Ah, that's not one of the three guardians of the temple
Then why is he here?
Hey, get out
Pineapple, why did you come here once?
To clean up some people who disrespect the temple
Fenglun
Why are you here to bring a sword to the shopkeeper?
The owner of the temple has been missing for five years
Xiao Hu is gone today
What's the situation?
Is the shopkeeper at the banquet?
The direction of Kaifengluan Dharma Protector's footprint
It's like being defeated by the gods of the world
The subordinate rescued the late
I hope the owner will forgive me.
You are
I came late in the summer vacation to help the owner with the expenses
shopkeeper shopkeeper
The specific reason for the owner will become clear later
Now all you have to do is pull out the building tornado
Protector of Fenglan
What does that mean?
Don't you know that the building tornado is Shenmu
You're connected to the owner.
Is it touched by ordinary people?
Why do you think I'm here?
Owner, your memory and strength
Only the Great Dragon Que can help you wake up
Feng King Protector
Are you mistaken?
Tianci is really the Lord of the Temple
Even if I'm wrong
Daxia Longque will not be wrong
The owner asks you to meet